Fix grammar and typos in OTEL docs (#48235)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/instrumentation.md

---

> description: Learn how to use instrumentation.ts to run code at server startup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use instrumentation to run code at server startup in your Next.js app
```

This works with js or ts files right? I think its best to keep it generic
